CTOR-732 : Refresh infrastructure-active-directory-nsclient-05-restapi (#3484)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/infrastructure-active-directory-nsclient-05-restapi.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Active Directory API** brings a host template:

* **Infra-ActiveDirectory-NSClient-05-Restapi-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Infra-ActiveDirectory-NSClient-05-Restapi-custom" label="Infra-ActiveDirectory-NSClient-05-Restapi-custom">

| Service Alias        | Service Template                                                  | Service Description                                                                   |
|:---------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Ad-Domain-Controller | Infra-ActiveDirectory-Domain-Controller-NSClient05-Restapi-custom | This check makes to diagnose the domain controller. It executes the command "dcdiag"  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ad-Domain-Controller | Infra-ActiveDirectory-Domain-Controller-NSClient05-Restapi-custom | This check runs diagnostics on the domain controller. It executes the "dcdiag" command  |
```

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **Infra-ActiveDirectory-NSClient-05-Restapi-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Not attached to a host template" label="Not attached to a host template">

| Service Alias | Service Template                                             | Service Description |
|:--------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------|

> | Dfsr-Backlog  | Infra-ActiveDirectory-Dfsr-Backlog-NSClient05-Restapi-custom | Check dfsr backlog  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dfsr-Backlog  | Infra-ActiveDirectory-Dfsr-Backlog-NSClient05-Restapi-custom | Checks the dfsr backlog  |
```

> | Dfsr-Backlog  | Infra-ActiveDirectory-Dfsr-Backlog-NSClient05-Restapi-custom | Checks the dfsr backlog  |

Author: ```suggestion
| Dfsr-Backlog  | Infra-ActiveDirectory-Dfsr-Backlog-NSClient05-Restapi-custom | Check the Distributed File Systems Replication backlog  |
```

> The services listed above are not created automatically when a host template is applied. To use them, [create a service manually](/docs/monitoring/basic-objects/services), then apply the service template you want.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Collected metrics & status

Here is the list of services for this connector, detailing all metrics linked to each service.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Ad-Domain-Controller" label="Ad-Domain-Controller">

> Coming soon

Author: ```suggestion
| Metric name        | Unit  |
|:-------------------|:------|
| domain controller status | N/A |
```

3. Apply the **Infra-ActiveDirectory-NSClient-05-Restapi-custom** template to the host. A list of macros appears. Macros allow you to define how the connector will connect to the resource, and to customize the connector's behavior.
4. Fill in the macros you want. Some macros are mandatory.

| Macro                     | Description                                                                                                                               | Default value     | Mandatory   |
|:--------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|
| NSCPRESTAPILEGACYPASSWORD | Password used (configured in the prerequisites section)                                                                                   | PASSWORD          |             |
| NSCPRESTAPIPROTO          | Protocol used                                                                                                                             | https             |             |

> | NSCPRESTAPIPORT           | Port use by the REST API NSClient++                                                                                                       | 8443              |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| NSCPRESTAPIPORT           | Port used by the REST API NSClient++                                                                                                       | 8443              |             |
```

| EXTRAOPTIONS | Any extra option you may want to add to the command (a --verbose flag for example). Toutes les options sont listées [ici](#options-disponibles).      |                   |             |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Dfsr-Backlog" label="Dfsr-Backlog">

| Macro            | Description                                                                                                                            | Default value     | Mandatory   |
|:-----------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------|:-----------:|
| SENDINGMEMBER    | Name of the member that is sending the replication data.                                                                               |                   | X           |
| REPLICATIONGROUP | Name for the replication group.                                                                                                        |                   | X           |

> | REPLICATEDFOLDER | Name name for the replicated folder.                                                                                                   |                   | X           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REPLICATEDFOLDER | Name for the replicated folder.                                                                                                   |                   | X           |
```
